Dr. Belis Aladag: We will be seeing Jason Casey hearn's burger.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cures report shows buprenorphine naloxone to milligram tablets.
Dr. Belis Aladag: He was consistently given those by a doctor saw Sal last one was 331 20
Jason: Hello. Oh, sorry.
Jason: Excuse me.
Jason: I'm sorry, I'm doing something for my taxes here for a moment where did it go
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right.
All right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did you lose something
Jason: No, I didn't lose something I'm texting with my husband separated partner. I don't know how you want to describe him.
Okay.
Jason: But yeah, so I'm sorry, how are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm good. I'm Dr. Allah DAG.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I see that you just from the system. I know that you're here to get help with your Suboxone prescriptions. Yeah.
Jason: Oh yeah, so I was, I'm sorry, I'm still texting with my husband. I'm telling him, I've got a doctor's appointment. I'm so sorry.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, it's
Jason: Okay, so I i was a Kaiser
Dr. Belis Aladag: Patient Yeah.
Jason: I've got my supply. He was very kind, when he found out I got laid off with the coven and he gave me a month supply so he's like
Jason: Good luck, I hope you get something in time.
Jason: Good, so I just looking into my options that I didn't even know I've been approved for any kind of insurance yet. And then I got a call from your company and we can go ahead and help you so we're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. Okay. Cool. Yeah, we're happy to help. Yeah, I'm happy to take on for your previous doctor. It was Dr. Saul, it looks like right
Jason: Correct, yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, and he had you on buprenorphine. He had you on the two milligram tablets and how are you taking those, how many
Jason: So I do for tablets in the morning when I first wake up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Jason: And then I do two tablets, probably around three or four o'clock in the afternoon.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so total of six.
Jason: Yes, my doses 12 milligrams a day.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Alright, sounds good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so tell me a little bit of history of, you know, how you got on buprenorphine. Do you have an opioid use disorder. When did it start, were you a teenager, like what happened.
Jason: Um, so I was, I mean just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like, just general substance use history, I guess, you know, like, did you start with marijuana like what, how old were you
Jason: So I did start with marijuana and alcohol when I was younger.
Jason: I was
Jason: Probably 12 ish
Jason: I had four year old brother, so he
Jason: influenced me
Jason: I first encountered Viking when I was probably 13 I stole a few of my dad's
Jason: And I someone told me they make you feel good and they did. And I kept taking them and
Jason: It went up the ladder of prescribed opioids finding ways to get doctors prescribe them by him on the street, yada, yada. Okay, uh, it did progress to heroin for a little while.
Jason: Too bad. I don't have any crazy track marks or anything like that. I didn't get too bad into it.
Jason: I, I was yes. Okay. Um, I was a licensed pharmacy technician. So I was always clean. I always had my own clean
Jason: Okay. Um, what else is there. I was in methadone treatment. I tried the detox program that did not work well at all.
Jason: That maybe one day thing where you taper off.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's what you did.
Jason: Yeah, I think it was 28 days. Yeah, and
Jason: They are Stewart 40 milligrams and then they slowly go down over those 28 days.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Jason: I wanted to die at the end I ended up just using more
Jason: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It was box is usually not maintenance if they had you on maintenance, that's a different story, but detox usually doesn't work.
Jason: Well, I ended up going to the maintenance program helped me later.
Jason: Okay and I, it worked, it kept me off of everything else.
Jason: It just kept me zonked out all the time I was constantly. Hi.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see.
Jason: So that's why I like the Suboxone I feel like I function. I don't feel impaired.
Jason: I don't feel sick. I feel normal. I feel
Dr. Belis Aladag: Me. Yeah. As you should. Okay. Yes, exactly. You should be feeling completely normal just not without cravings and no straw and so you're saying, yeah, the Methadone just felt too strong, like you felt. Hi. Yeah.
Jason: Well, they had me at 120 milligrams every morning.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a pretty hefty dose. Yeah.
Jason: Yeah, and I also gained a bunch of weight. I ended up paying like 275 pounds at the end of the program.
Jason: I was there for a year.
Dr. Belis Aladag: One year you did that.
Jason: Okay, yeah, it was bad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: How did you did what happened that you figured out how to convert to Suboxone
Jason: Um, so I had tried Suboxone once before through pizer years ago and I took it too soon. Well, I still had opiates in my system and it made me violently ill and it scared me away from it.
Jason: Yeah, so I continued my usual drug use and live my life.
Jason: And now I am experiencing relationship problems just life questions and I'm, I'm tired of the rat race and
Jason: Since I've been on the program. I started back in July, I believe.
Jason: July or February July.
Jason: And
Jason: I don't know, life's good
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so in Kaiser, you got on Suboxone in July.
Jason: I think so, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, got it. And things are better since then.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay. And so you said relationship problems are you currently living with somebody you were mentioning
Jason: I know my husband and I are separated. He's got his own apartment I rent a room.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you guys are separated. So when you said relationship problems. That's kind of what you're referring to.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And tell me about family history. So you mentioned taking Viking in from your data stuff does your Do your parents or grandparents or anything. Have any substance use issues, any alcohol or anything.
Jason: Oh, my grandfather on my mother's side was an alcoholic.
Jason: Okay, immediate family, my sister. She just recently, within the past like five years started smoking methamphetamine.
Jason: Oh, but other than that, no. I'm like, the worst case scenario, my family.
Dr. Belis Aladag: BUT YOU BETTER NOW, RIGHT, BECAUSE YOU'VE BEEN SOBER SINCE JULY or is it like on and off.
Jason: No, I'm I'VE BEEN SOBER SINCE I started with Kaiser, yeah.
Jason: I'm getting
Jason: Some yeah I'm better off than my sister, my pan.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, look at that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hopefully she gets helped to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so any other substances. Do you, do you still smoke pot or do you drink alcohol is there other things you're doing
Dr. Belis Aladag: A
Jason: No doctor saw want me to stop smoking weed, which was really difficult because I have an anxiety disorder which I don't know if you have that record and I was on a daily dose of clonazepam
Jason: And I stopped that when I went on Suboxone
Jason: Okay. Go marijuana really helped me once, I wasn't able to take the
Jason: End Zone.
Jason: But doctor saw really wanting me to stop. So I did it for him right before I lost my insurance.
Jason: Once I lost my insurance. I have to admit I have been smoking a little bit. Again, just because I have been so stressed out and anxious
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see.
Jason: But yeah, I have no qualms stopping
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. I mean, I think. I mean, I would agree with Dr. Saul, that it's best for you to not be doing that because
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any mind altering substance, you know, we just worry, it's going to lead you down the wrong path. You're not going to have your defenses up and make good choices. You know, that kind of thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know it's you know you work on that. I think, I think it's a goal to have
Dr. Belis Aladag: In terms of anxiety. I'm actually really glad you're off the clonazepam because you know that's not a good long term solution long term drug people get tolerance and they get addicted to that and stuff like that so
Jason: No, I know all about the risks. I've been dealing with the anxiety and panic attacks since 2010
Jason: Okay, I'm I've heard all about it.
Jason: In pharmacy tech, so I know all about it too.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you
Jason: Know it goes yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm just going to put down. Should I put down generalized anxiety disorder.
Jason: So I was officially diagnosed with GA D.
Jason: Panic disorder.
Jason: And
Jason: Oh, I forgot the other one.
Jason: Social anxiety. Yes. Okay, okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you feel pretty okay now in terms of panic and social anxiety and all that.
Jason: Not at all. I haven't left my bedroom since I've started the Suboxone just because I'm so anxious
Dr. Belis Aladag: Really
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah we since you started Suboxone in July.
Jason: Well yeah cuz I don't have my anxiety meds anymore. So I'm See now I'm about to cry because I'm having a bad day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, no, no. Oh, I'm sorry, I don't mean to
Jason: Is not your fault. It's my stupid brain.
Jason: It, it kind of sucks because Sophie's Choice G my anxiety or treat my pitching.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what, I have an idea. We have a psychiatrist nurse practitioner in bright heart health.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Could do is hook you up with her. So you can have a visit with her and see about medications and you know maybe very low dose clonazepam short term. I don't know. It could be something she could talk to you about some other meds. What do you think
Jason: Um, yeah. Since I lost my Kaiser I lost my sight guy just too. So that'd be great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think you need that, you know, just to kind of toss ideas and like have somebody that can prescribe things for you and manage your help you manage your anxiety because this is pretty severe the way you're describing it.
Jason: Yeah, sorry about that.
Jason: I'm better now.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so sorry, I don't mean to trigger you
Jason: Okay.
Jason: I'm glad you thought they know I'm not making it up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, I know. I believe you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so yeah, let's work with her.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The nurse practitioner and let's see what we should get you on and maybe maybe for the short term, we need a little bit of luck on as a Pam, you know, it's not a good idea to be on bent. You know, you know, all the stuff, but to be because
Dr. Belis Aladag: Suboxone is a partial opioid we really try not to have you on Benz's at the same time for the risk, you know, the respiratory depression but
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that if your cases severe enough. And that's the only thing and you're working on, maybe trying some other stuff as well, whatever, like we can we can work it out. Okay.
Good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because I want you to be functional and getting. I mean, you're in a quarantine now. So ironically, there's not much you can be doing anyway.
But
Dr. Belis Aladag: But at least you know being getting out a little bit and you know warming up to the idea of like integrating yourself with the world again. Right.
Jason: Yeah, that's the goal.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's the goal. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So any history of suicidal thoughts or attempts or any risk right now. I mean, are we, should we be worried about anything.
Jason: No.
Jason: I don't feel like hurting myself or anything right now, no not not since high school, which I associate with typical teenage
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thanks.
Yeah.
Jason: Nothing serious now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, nothing serious. Okay. Any surgeries. You've had
Jason: Um, I've had my
Jason: tonsils out my appendix out my adenoids Oh my, I had an abscess removed out of my arm.
Jason: I think
Jason: Oh no, I had a hemorrhoid ectomy. Yes. And that's it.
Jason: Okay. Oh, and wisdom teeth that was energy. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wisdom teeth. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you have any medication allergies.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay. And do you smoke your baby nicotine.
Jason: I do. Wait. Yes. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, that's another goal. I mean, one is the marijuana but the other one.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Would be, I would say it would be nice if we can get you to stop doing that the baby because you know the there's risks associated with that they found pneumonia. And then, especially with Colbert now and this and that. So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: There's still chemicals in that substance right that
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we could do like nicotine replacement laws and just gone. Whatever. If you wanted to in the future. Okay.
Jason: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, what else do I want to ask you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so right now. You said you're renting a room. So you're living by yourself. You're eat what job, were you doing before you got laid off.
Jason: So I was quality control supervisor for commercial bath refinishing
Mm hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, so now you, what are you are you applying for, like, unemployment. Are you looking for a new job like what's up with that.
Jason: So I did apply for unemployment, it just came through, which is good.
Jason: Thank God I KNOW. AND THEN, APPARENTLY THE NEXT payment, the government is adding an additional $600 per week on top of what you already get
Jason: Which means
Jason: I'm going to make more money than I did while I was working
Jason: And they extended it from three months to six and a half. So I was like, I'm going to milk it as long as I can.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That I see. Okay. Well, I guess I don't blame you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, why not you know until you find something appropriate
Dr. Belis Aladag: You don't need to hurry. That's good. This is great news for you.
Jason: Or start applying for jobs that I want and then put my start date at the end of my, on my man. And there we go.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Beautiful. I think it's a good thing. It gives you time and it gives you some cushion and you know some relief that in fact it was it's even better than what you had. So that's nice.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. So you got that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So in terms of your medications and how we do our refills and everything here, we like to do group visits, where it's like you and a bunch of other people, maybe four or five six other people who are also mainly I think
Dr. Belis Aladag: Depending on the group, but like most of them are on Suboxone of some form
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then I do. It's me, the physician. So as a doctor, I come in and I'm like, okay, so how's it going with you, Jason all as well. Your need your refill again any changes. Any updates.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then I move on to the next person we keep doing it that way. Brief check in. And then we have a therapist who runs helps around the rest of the group to talk about some recovery related thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know how to deal with stress, anxiety, whatever, or just everyday stuff.
Jason: Okay, it's the good exact same as Kaiser, they do prescribing group. So, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They do that okay which which Kaiser, where you at, where are you
Jason: A Kaiser center.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, got it. So that's what they do there as well. Okay, great. So yeah, so we'll, we'll do that. Um, and in terms of times where you can join
Dr. Belis Aladag: How do you feel about
Dr. Belis Aladag: There's Mondays at nine. Can you do that.
Jason: Mondays at nine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Who early for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Otherwise, there's a Friday at four.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And a Thursday at four.
Jason: Um, let's go.
Jason: Monday nine is fine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so for now I'm going to put you in that group, Jason. So what you want to do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: On Monday morning is log into the virtual clinic that you did today.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The same virtual clinic you log in with them at like
Dr. Belis Aladag: 838 45 because there might be aligned sometimes to check in. So it's like a check in point you go in with them and you check in. They usually have you do a survey about the diction.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The survey I hear the first time around might be a little lengthy, but after that it gets smoother and less. Okay, so don't worry so much about it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You do the survey and then they give you the room number the zoom ID changes each week because we create a new one. Right. So then once you check in, they give you the number and then you ready to join us at nine.
Jason: Okay. So, real quickly. How do I check in. I really knew the zoom
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you would go to this virtual clinic, which is the number, the zoo number is 408-486-4762
Jason: Or seven six.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yep, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's like your zoom. Number two, always to check in with us at bright heart that's the virtual clinic. That's like the front desk.
Dr. Belis Aladag: If you ever have any questions about anything you need to make appointments. You like what I'm going to ask you to do is once we hang up. Call that number and say, Look, I spoke to the doctor. She gave me my medication.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to join the groups on Mondays, but she said I should make an appointment individual point with your psychiatry, just because I'm having anxiety and I want to talk about medication options.
Jason: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right, so, so you'll call them and do that. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And then the other piece is we you get assigned a therapist.
So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can also when you call you can say, I also want to do a one on one session with my assigned therapists and then they can assign it they can kind of connect you there too, because that might be something to work on.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Somebody you can talk to regularly. You guys can decide if it's weekly every two weeks, whatever.
Jason: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: If you want. I mean, we're going to do the group right we're going to do the group weekly
Dr. Belis Aladag: But if you want. Individual therapy as well, that might be something to think about.
Jason: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Cool. Any question. Any other questions.
Jason: Um, no, not really. It seems very similar to Kaiser, it's just virtual not in person, which is great. I save gas.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You say, Yes, right. It's cool. All right. That's good. So you're familiar with this concept, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, and then in terms of your pharmacy. I see a CVS on blossom Hill Road.
Jason: Yeah that's right down the street that works for me as long as they take in here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we'll try it. If you go to the pharmacy and there's a problem. Call us call the virtual clinic right then while you're there and
Dr. Belis Aladag: We have a person who has authority to be a liaison and talk to the pharmacist about the prescription and getting approved so like that. Her name is Danielle. She you can access her through that virtual clinic to
Jason: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So if there's ever a problem, don't leave just call us. I'll also give you the 800 number like telephone number two. So if you can't zoom in for some reason, you can call the number
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that's 800-892-2695
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let's see. Okay, so we'll do that. So we'll see you Monday and
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll give you like
Dr. Belis Aladag: So today's Wednesday, you're well you're okay on meds. Right. Do you, do we need to prescribe it. Do you want me to prescribe it now or do you want to wait until you're running low. What do you want to do with that.
I'm
Jason: Either or. I still have probably, what, two and a half, three weeks left
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Jason: So I think I'm okay. I don't need you play
Dr. Belis Aladag: It right now.
Jason: It saves you hassle. Might as well. It's up to you. I don't mind.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think what I'll do is I'll put it in your med list and then we'll actually prescribe it in a couple weeks. So like this week, when you come on Monday we'll just chat, you'll get to know the group whatever get into the system. The following week
Dr. Belis Aladag: So now.
Jason: One thing I think
Jason: Is
Jason: It's a kind of an unusual medication, especially since I get the two milligram tablets.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mm hmm.
Jason: Uh, are we show they're going to have it in stock.
Jason: Because I don't want to have to, like, like say with we wait. And then they're like, Oh, we have to order it.
Jason: Yeah, so why
Dr. Belis Aladag: Should
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, why don't we do this. Wait until Monday. Come on Monday, and then I will order then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. That way, you start the week with a week, you know, I'll say, Okay, here's I'll give you a week's prescription, you'll go to the pharmacy or you call them and you say, Okay, I have this thing and then they can order it if they don't have it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so yeah, you'll be you'll have like a week cushion of your own.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Pace, they need to order, whatever.
Okay.
Jason: Good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll do it that way. Let me
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just add it to your men list instead
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so we'll do it that way. And you're not on any other medication at this time.
Jason: I'm well through Kaiser, I was on imitrex and on danza drawn for nausea. Occasionally, but other than that, no nothing serious.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and the imitrex. Are you going to be okay I'm gonna you're gonna find a primary care doc or do you think you need more
Jason: Uh, I do plan to find a primary care, Doc. But like I said, I haven't even received my card yet. So if I could get some that would be cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, maybe I'll try ordering that for you. Just so you have a little bit. I don't want you to get a bad situation as to what, how much do you use the 2550 or 100
Jason: Ah, I get the hundred
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you take that one tab at the start of a migraine.
Jason: And I can repeat after two hours, not to exceed four and 24
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, God at one time is needed at onset my thing may repeat in two hours, not to exceed 4024 hours. Okay. And they give you how many like nine of them or something. How does it come
Jason: Up. It comes in packages of nine.
Jason: And yeah, so nine is supposed to last month.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'll put in for nine and then hopefully you'll find somebody that can can help.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Migraine with without aura.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You get like an aura before
Yes.
OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, so I'll give you them attract
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we'll send it to that same pharmacy. You don't have to get it. Now, if you don't need it. You can go the following week when you're, you know, on Monday.
Jason: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know what I mean. Because you're going to ask about Suboxone
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any other questions.
Jason: No, I don't think so.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you know what to do. Now you're going to two things you're going to call virtual clinic now and say, hey, can you hook me up with your psychiatrists have an appointment.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then Monday, you're going to have a reminder on your phone or whatever. You're going to wake up and call us at the same virtual clinic at 838 45 and say you're checking in, for your first group with me with Allah. Allah DAG and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we'll get to know you and the group, you'll see kind of the other people there go from there.
Jason: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Sounds good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then if you need anything in between. I'll send you an email reminding you about this.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you can email. But I think the best way to reach us in general like in a timely fashion would be through a virtual clinic.
Jason: Cool, thank you. I appreciate it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, take care of Jason. I'll see you Monday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Rubber I'm